hey everybody this is to take out diet
also known as where diets go to die and
today on the show we'll be making our
version of the Taco Bell bean burrito
now let me tell you I have never
willingly ordered a Taco Bell bean
burrito it is so mushy and textualist
that it just doesn't do it for me but
you can end up with the bean burrito two
ways you're horribly broke and you have
to order it off of the value menu or
you're horribly drunk you mumble
inaudible words to your sober driver of
course and then they say she'll have a
bean burrito and even in your
drunkenness state you're like no I said
why didn't we go to Chipotle and it's
because Chipotle isn't open it three
four five maybe six in the morning don't
judge anyway today we're going to make
it because it is fibrous and maybe I
need to poop you know who knows just
saying let's get started start by
starting your big pot of cooked pinto
beans because I am NOT showing you how
to make that next we're going to steam
our flour tortilla in the microwave for
30 seconds if you have whole-wheat flour
tortillas perfect if you have a steamer
that's even better but going to cover my
flour tortilla and wet paper towels and
microwave it for 30 seconds place it on
a large plate and then pour on your
serving of pinto beans then taco bell
says they use a tangy red sauce what the
heck is a tengu red sauce I asked my
sister and she's like it's that sour
sweet Tinky red stuff at the Asian
restaurant and I'm like no no no no it's
not that I am pretty sure it's not that
but I still don't know what it is so we
are going to add on a little bit of
ketchup and a little bit of sriracha
sauce together and hope for the best
lastly we're going to add on our onions
in our cheddar I use diet cheddar cheese
and honestly I only use a little bit
because it tastes funny now how do you
wrap up a burrito you may ask are
I you know whatever take the side of the
tortilla closest to you and fold it over
the stuff in the middle tuck that in
under the stuff and then fold in both
sides you can fold them in straight if
you're amateur but I fall mining at a
triangular angle and then do another
fold and then roll it the rest of the
way towards the other side opposite of
you now we can eat it despite my
preconceived notions it actually tastes
good
I thought I would take one bite and just
start to involuntarily gag but I'd
merely took a second bite it was really
good the diet cheese was pretty good the
beans were cooked really well and then I
ran into the sriracha sauce now I don't
eat hot stuff that often and I'll put on
a little bit of a lot of sriracha sauce
so it is hot it is hot so I would add
less next time that's how you learn life
lessons you know you do something you
feel pain you don't do it the next time
but overall it was really good no harsh
words about the bean burrito for me I
like pinto beans I just wish I had a
little bit more crunch and a little bit
more crisp so that is it for today I
would like to thank you for watching my
bean burrito episode please leave your
thoughts in fast-food drive-through
dining dining out take out suggestions
in the comments below and I will read
and respond to all of them and please
subscribe if you haven't subscribed you
don't want to miss out so do that and I
will see you tomorrow bye
I would like to introduce you all to my
dog his name is Buster he's a Pembroke
Welsh Corgi he's wondering why I'm
talking like this he's very hopeful that
he will get my bean burrito um he is
four years old he's a boy and he is
adorable and he's fat he doesn't eat
people food what we give him like
carrots and things but mainly he just
eats dog food but still he's managed to
put on a lot of weight
see see his stomach he said